

Hi Tom,

  I apologize for not contacting you sooner.  Somehow work
never seems to stop here!  I realize there's only 5 days until
the official beginning.  This email will deal with the 4 issues
you brought up in the last email.

1) Administrative details

I've submitted my tax form to Google, and am waiting until
this afternoon to get an authoritative looking letter proving
my matriculation at CMU.  I'll send that to them today.
As far as I can tell, that's all that needs to be done
from an administrative point of view.  If I'm forgetting
anything, e.g. other forms, please let me know.  

2) Repository

The Gonthier group at Microsoft/Inria has their own 
svn repository. My work will officially live in a directory in
that repository.  It will depend on other files from the
repository to compile, thus it is natural that the main copy
live there.  

I created a project to host my own contribution (not including
the Gonthier libraries) at Google, address 

http://code.google.com/p/coq-galois-theory/

It contains only an empty file 'test.txt' at the moment.

As Google would like the sources mirrored on their server,
my idea is to do a weekly transfer of must my directory
to the Google server.  I guess that will mean
using unison to sync a pair of directories, one whose
.svn files belong to Inria, the other to Google. 
Seems like it shouldn't be too bad to update once a week.
This code won't compile, but at least the code will be 
available for review.

3) License 

I chose the new BSD license for the project after receiving
this message from Gonthier:

"Anything we do in the lab will be under either BSD or Cecill-B
(euro-BSD), as (L)GPL is not "open" for MS. Note however that we
haven’t made a public distribution of ssreflect for Coq v8.1 (I’m
still struggling with some major internal changes which I want to get
to work before advertising the package). The older Coq v8.0 ssreflect
was distributed under the MS open-source license."

Is that cool with you?  

4) Weekly check-ins

Let's decide to have some kind of email correspondence
every Monday.   I'll be available on IM (GoogleTalk address
seanmcl@gmail.com), or phone at my office 412-268-8078
or my cel 412-855-9701.  If you'd like to speak on the
phone however, let's plan in advance so I can be sure
I'm in the office.  

5) Plan

This will come in a separate email shortly.  This one has
become long enough that a blank slate seems appropriate.

So let's plan on email this Monday the 28th for our first
check-in.

Best,

Sean
