
Hi Tom,

  This email contains answers the questions you posed in the last email.
An email with a detailed time-line will follow shortly.

- What are you starting with? 

  The group at the Microsoft/Inria lab in Paris has some
significant work done in basic group theory and linear
algebra.  I'm waiting on whether it's OK with Gonthier
to mirror that code on the Google project site so you
can compile it.  I'm not sure how he'll feel about that,
but I'll let you know.  I'm not very familiar with the 
code base myself, as it has changed a good deal since last
year, but it seems the fundamental definitions I'll need,
at least in respect to group theory.
  I did some work with polynomials last year.  In fact,
this is how I learned Coq, proving properties of polynomial
rings, but since the definition of groups and rings has
changed, I'll need to redo most of that work.  Luckily
I've learned a bit since the first time, so it should go much 
faster.

- Are you going to use anything from the Coq contrib directory (eg groups)?

No, not the standard distribution code.  Gonthier has all his own 
libraries he developed for the 4 Color Theorem that I'll be using.
I'm more familiar with those.

-  You mention that Gonthier has a representation of algebraic structures.  
-  Is that coded up, or on paper?

Coded up.  I need to work out with Georges how I can share that
info with you and the rest of the community.  Hopefully we'll
get something workable by Monday.  I have access to their repository
anyway, so I'll at least be able to begin hacking immediately, even if 
it takes awhile for Georges to talk to Microsoft/Inria.


- Did you look at any of the background for formalizing Galois during
- your internship with Gonthier?

Yes.  Polynomial rings are crucial, as are basic properties of
groups/subgroups, etc.  


- Do you want to work bottom-up, linearly following Milne's notes?
- Or sketch out all the propositions, set their proofs to be 'Admitted'
- and then go back to fill in the proofs?  If I were doing this, I'd
- prefer the latter, since the proofs can be filled in in any order.

There's an interesting tension between forward and backward reasoning.
In my experience, it is important to get the data structures correct
before doing much theorem proving, and the way to know if you
got it right is to do a bunch of basic proofs using the structures.
If things aren't working out, it is sometimes necessary to redo
the definitions, meaning you need to redo all the following theorems.

Once the definitions are fixed though, it is easy to get lost
in the details of a lemma, and lose sight of the goal.  Thus,
backward reasoning seems ideal in that case.  Thus, I suspect
the beginning few weeks will consist mostly of working out
the definitions and proving some simple consequences.  By July
I hope to be working backward from the goal.


- Are the proofs the majority of the work, or are there significant
- hurdles in modeling the variety of algebraic structures?  

It takes a good deal of experience with Coq and mathematical
experimentation to get the structures right.  It is critically
important, as any theorems will depend crucially on the definitions,
and indeed, because of the nature of tactical theorem proving,
any tweak of the definitions will be sure to break the theorems 
already proved.  Thus, it's important to do a good job on the definitions.
Once those are fixed, and in our case Gonthier has many of the necessary
definitions figured out already, 
the bulk of the work will certainly be the theorems.  

-Are there other difficulties I'm overlooking?

Probably!  But that's part of the fun of formalization.
It exposes all overlooking!

- Can the time-line make explicit reference to Milne's notes?
- E.g. By day x the statements of all propositions up to page y will be
- done, and the proof of all propositions up to page y/2 will be done.

This is a good idea in principle.  We can certainly start with such
a plan, as long as we can revise the schedule as difficulties come
up.  Perhaps this would be a good thing to discuss on our Monday
email sessions, how closely we have satisfied the goals of the week,
and how the greater/lesser progress effects the remaining weeks.

I'll send a detailed time-line in another email.  Perhaps this
should be in the repository, and we can revise it and keep 
a history for reference.

Best,

Sean
